You have made a Dharma again? You still dare to say that I wish you. What's this?
No, Suzao, please listen to my explanation,
The design is not distributed by the way, so don't take pictures that are different.
Su Zao, I really don’t mean anything to you,
Unscrupulous little tricks.
Do you think I still believe you? Where are you, you bastard?
It will be useful for a while, don’t get me wrong.
The two of us live on a deserted island, anything,
All may be useful.
But what to go
Lose your life as soon as possible
We ate both our clothes
If this continues
Why is it troublesome to be sick?
This can't be donated to the fire.
You are really stupid
Is the hair long or short?
It really makes sense